Update configure-client-management-openid-task.adoc (#259)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-client-management-openid-task.adoc

[NOTE]
When Anypoint Platform makes an HTTP call to the configured OIDC endpoints, the HTTP call times out if no response after 5 seconds.

== Supported Grant Types 

> === Pre-populated grant types in API Portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Pre-populated Grant Types in API Portal
```

If you configure the optional *Issuer* field while setting up the OIDC Dynamic Client registration provider, Anypoint Platform autopopulates its UI with all of the OIDC grant types supported by the provider, such as `client credentials`, `password`, and more. To verify the grant types your provider supports, check the provider's discovery endpoint using `__$ISSUER__/.well-known/openid-configuration`, where `_$ISSUER_` is the issuer configured as the provider. If the client provider supports https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8414#section-3[this spec] on the `__$ISSUER__/.well-known/oauth-authorization-server` endpoint, the endpoint is discovered and validated prior to merging grant types with `__$ISSUER__/.well-known/openid-configuration`. This process also enables the use of the Client Credentials grant type for Okta users. 

> === Update grant types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Update Grant Types
```

> If the *Issuer* is set and /.well-known url is available, you may go to an existing client provider, save it again and the grant types will be updated based on the 'grant_types_supported' from your /.well-known metadata. /.well-known metadata is being fetched by the system when you create/update a client provider. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the *Issuer* is set and the `/.well-known` URL is available, you can go to an existing client provider, save it again, and the grant types are updated based on the `grant_types_supported` from your `/.well-known` metadata. The system fetches the `/.well-known` metadata when you create or update a client provider. 
```

> === Defaults

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Default Grant Types
```
